feat: Add piece-meal queries doc (#139)
Faire/yawn: docs/piecemeal_queries.md

# Building Queries Piecemeal

Yawn query builders are mutable. This makes it possible to start a query in one function, pass it to other functions to add filters, joins, ordering,
or pagination, and execute it only after all of the pieces have been applied.

> Prefer a single query lambda when all of the query logic belongs together. Piecemeal construction is useful when several callers share filters or when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually having a single query lambda is preferred when all of the query logic belongs together, but piecemeal construction is possible when several callers share filters or when
```

optional filters are selected at runtime.

## Passing a query builder around

Create the builder without a lambda, pass it to functions that call `applyFilter`, and invoke a terminal operation only after the query is complete:

```kotlin
fun findBooks(filters: BookFilters): List<Book> {
    val query = yawn.query(BookTable)

    query.applyBookFilters(filters)
    query.orderAsc { name }

    return query.list()
}

private fun EntityYawnQueryBuilder<Book, BookTableDefType>.applyBookFilters(
    filters: BookFilters,
) {

>     filters.title?.let { title ->

Reviewer: nit: i'd just use an `if` here, keep the kotlin simple to focus on yawn

        applyFilter { books ->
            addLike(books.name, "%$title%")
        }
    }

    filters.minimumPages?.let { minimumPages ->
        applyFilter { books ->
            addGe(books.numberOfPages, minimumPages)
        }
    }
}
```

Each call mutates and returns the same builder, so calls can also be chained. Do not call `list`, `uniqueResult`, or another terminal operation in a helper
that is only meant to contribute part of a query.

If a base query will be used to execute more than one variation, create a new base builder for each variation. Mutations accumulate on a builder;

> executing it does not reset it.

Reviewer: query builder (at least EntityYawnQueryBuilder) has a clone method, we might want to call that out here

## Choosing a type for a helper

The type to use depends on whether the helper receives a builder or runs inside a query lambda.

| Helper receives | Type to use | What it can do |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | A query being assembled | `EntityYawnQueryBuilder<Entity, TableDef>` | Add filters, projections, ordering, pagination, and terminal operations |

Reviewer: side note: we can prob add an alias for this as well cc @micahbeech
